hello everyone and welcome back to the
official drawing of my YouTube giveaway
for the jewel tone maybelline color
tattoos that were exclusive to target I
promise you guys I can't stress this
enough I promise that I will not jack up
this drawing like i did my facebook
drawing okay so i do apologize again for
that so let's head on over to the
comments here so on my youtube page i
had over 600 28 comments so thank you
guys so much for taking the time to
respond whether it be to the video
whether it be is something that you
liked or maybe something you didn't like
I really do appreciate the love and
support you guys have shown me alright
so we're going to move on to the
spreadsheet that I made so at the end
result we ended up with 578 people that
entered for this contest okay so you
have a one in 578 chance I guess that's
better than a lot all right okay so
let's head on over to random.org and i'm
going to change this number to 578 and
we're going to generate not one not two
not three as previously stated i'm going
to actually choose four winners that's
right for winners Coco actually had an
extra set around the house um i don't
know how i ended up with an extra set
probably and all the hype of buying them
and you know buying them and giving my
stock numbers before they even hit
shelves but anyway i have four full sets
to give away to four lucky people so
let's get this on and poppin okay the
first person generated is number four
hundred and forty the second person
generated is number 79 the next person
generated is number 171 and lastly we
have number 272
right so if i had to put these in Nam
naughty gonna put them in chronological
order we're just going to repeat them
for what they're worth for 4079 171 and
272 all right let's head on over to our
spreadsheet here and we'll goes the
first one which is number four hundred
and forty that person is beter for life
congratulations to you for being lucky
number one let's go on to the second
number which is number 79 and that
person is be joyful so congratulation to
you as well let's go to our third winner
which is number 171 that lucky winner is
dre 62 168 congratulations to you as
well and lastly number 272 which is
Nietzsche rolls 28 so I hope I'm saying
that right nija rolls or Nyjah rolls
Nyjah rolls or needs arose 28
congratulations to all of you fabulous
ladies you have 24 hours to contact me
here on YouTube hopefully I have from
you in 24 hours if not i will have to
try random other people and give your
prize away and i know you don't want
that ok so hit me up with your real name
and your mailing address so that i can
get your prizes out to you for everyone
else thank you so very much for watching
please stay tuned for more fabulous
giveaways to come take care bye